feat(eslint): provide a flatconfig for eslint v9 (#2149)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@o3r/eslint-config-otter/README.md

[![Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@o3r/eslint-config-otter?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@o3r/eslint-config-otter)
[![Bundle Size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@o3r/eslint-config-otter?color=green&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@o3r/eslint-config-otter)

> Recommended ESLint configuration for an Otter project with [deprecated ESLint config](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/configure/configuration-files-deprecated).

Reviewer: I think we should no longer "Recommend" this configuration, the recommendation should be to migrate to eslint >=9 and use the new one.
```suggestion
Legacy ESLint configuration for an Otter project with [ESLint config < 9](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/configure/configuration-files-deprecated).
```
Assuming we'll deprecate this package soon enough
